# Update entity properties after executing bulk operations #
Sometimes it is required to get rows after operation execution. In order not to make a new query request these, required properties, must be set as MustBeUpdatedAfterInsert or MustBeUpdatedAfterUpdate in your EntityProfile class.

Both InserAsync and UpdateAsync operations are capable to update entities properties after operation will be executed.

For example, a database table can contain autogereated columns and/or triggers that change values of some columns.

To receive these changes no additional requests are needed. Just call MustBeUpdatedAfterInsert and or MustBeUpdatedAfterUpdate in EntityProfile constructor.

For Autogenerated columns no need to call MustBeUpdatedAfterInsert, ThatIsAutoGenerated method must be called instead.

In the following code, it should be taken into account that database table has 
- a trigger on update that changes a value of "value" and "record" columns,
- a trigger on insert that changes a value of "record_id" and "sensor" column,
- an autogenerated private key "id"

Therefore, columns "id", "record", and "value" have to be updated with new values after InsertAsync operation, and columns "record", "sensor" have to be updated after UpdateAsync operation.

```c#
/// <summary>
/// Entity profile that defines properties that have to be included into the returning clause
/// </summary>
public class MyEntityProfile: EntityProfile
{
    public MyEntityProfile()
        :base(typeof(TestEntity))
    {
        this.ToTable("test_entity", "unit_tests");

        this.HasProperty<TestEntity, int>(entity => entity.Id)
            .ThatIsAutoGenerated() // id column will be updated after insert automatically
            .ThatIsPrivateKey();
        this.HasPropertyAsPartOfUniqueConstraint<TestEntity, string>(entity => entity.Record)
            .MustBeUpdatedAfterInsert()
            .MustBeUpdatedAfterUpdate();
        this.HasPropertyAsPartOfUniqueConstraint<TestEntity, string>(entity => entity.Sensor)
            .MustBeUpdatedAfterInsert();
        this.HasProperty<TestEntity, int>(entity => entity.Value)
            .MustBeUpdatedAfterUpdate(); 
    }
}
```
